there are solar phone chargers but what
if the battery was installed into the
screen just leave your phone in the Sun
for a couple of hours and it's charged
even if you go camping you don't need a
power bag
the Sun is always with you plus it's eco
friendly it's time for your favorite
radio program but you forgot your
earphones and radio won't work because
they function as an antenna having a
built-in antenna in your phone would
solve this problem for you to enjoy your
radio show through the phone speakers
forgetting a key is unpleasant but
happens for getting your phone not so
much but why not mix the two with a
fingerprint lock on your phone no one
will be able to get into your house by
the way the same function would let you
always be sure your front door is locked
just a quick glance at your phone screen
and you see if you forgot to lock it or
not double checking your way using
Google Maps takes a lot of time you need
to reopen the app and understand the
right direction
augmented reality could help installed
in your camera and having access to the
app it could show you the way
drawing the path right on the ground
when out of 5 people have dropped their
phone in the toilet at least once if you
have raised your hand really that many
in most cases people have to buy a new
one
even though waterproof phones aren't a
novelty they all seem to be too bulky
and lacking many features though so real
waterproofing for smartphones is still a
dream you and your friend want to watch
a movie but you can't decide which
language to choose your friend learns
French and you only speak English
solution to Jax with different sound
systems you're on a diet and you have to
weigh your food buying kitchen scales is
a solution but you can't bring them to a
restaurant with the scales function on
your phone you can save both time and
money reading a book on your phone makes
your eyes tired very quickly and you
have to make closets ebooks on the other
hand have an ink screen that's easy on
your eyes putting together a phone and
an e-book is an ingenious way to enjoy
reading for as long as you like
choosing presents for friends is always
a challenge it's sad to realize your
friend is not truly happy with your
present because you forgot she hates
pink color with a smart note app in your
phone you can check the would be present
online or scan it in the shop and be
notified if it's okay with your friends
tastes or just pay attention modern
technology lets you see and hear your
friends from other countries but imagine
having a hologram call with a 3d image
of your friend it would be as if you
were together for real in movies to have
a detailed view of an image actors
simply enlarge it and clearly see
everything in reality sadly the picture
is usually all blurry
if we could just look at images through
a built-in magnifying glass it would
save many people with poor sight and
solve many crimes - well another
solution might be bifocals you can't
always have a thermometer with you and
weather forecast isn't always right
a thermometer in your phone is a dream
when you want to know the temperature
both outdoors and indoors statistics say
that one of three people has
difficulties with remembering the names
of people they just met having a voice
recorder that you can turn on
permanently you'd be able to re listen
to a talk or a job interview you just
had it could clear the cache every set
amount of time based on your preferences
and the storage room a regular phone
makes use of just two of your five
senses wouldn't it be nice to also
perceive smells with it your loved ones
perfume the smell of the soup your
friend has made or just random things
like the smell of the soil after a rain
or maybe the smell of your friend after
she eats the soup who knows
having a removable chip on your phone
with all the vital documents is a real
dream it wouldn't be a trouble if you
forgot your driver's license for example
same with medical documents stored on
the same chip looking up the amount of
money on your account takes at least a
minute or two it would be better to
always have this number on your screen
no personal info just your money maybe
with a password though scanning feature
on your phone would be perfect for those
who always lose things just type what
you're looking for and the phone will
scan the room for it hey where's my
phone by the way it's already late in
the neighborhood you're in doesn't seem
very friendly but with a Taser built
into your phone you wouldn't worry about
any threat maybe some lawsuits making a
fire in the forest with no light or a
matches is hard electric lighter in your
phone is a must-have feature in such
circumstances instant camera is a big
and expensive device but a phone with
such a feature is a real treasure a
regular instant camera prints every shot
you take and you have to be careful with
your cartridges if it was installed in
your phone you'd be able to choose which
pick to print the screen that could
change its structure would be a great
help to blind people but also if you
were buying something on the internet
you'd be able to make your decision
based on the touch not just the image
face recognition technology lets you
scan faces of people to understand their
mood imagine if your phone could
understand your mood and cheer you up
when you're sad it would show you
pictures or videos depending on your
feelings it can be really hard to
concentrate on your work or even a book
when you have to check if there are
messages to read the option that makes
your phone impossible to use would be a
great way to stop procrastinating
everyone has this friend who always
sends them voice messages and you can't
always listen to them being on the
subway or at work voice to text
transcription would be a great feature
to have for such occasions
oops one wrong movement and your phone
is on the floor and you're lucky if you
just need to repair the screen a phone
that doesn't need additional protection
and doesn't look like a brick at the
same time is what we lack for instance a
phone made of shockproof material that
repulses the force brought upon it
having a feature that reads barcodes and
stores could be a real money saver you
would always know the right price
products would be automatically listed
in your shopping cart and you'd see the
total price you wouldn't end up
surprised by the final cost and would
surely buy only the things you really
need being the most frequently used also
means being the dirtiest the
self-cleaning feature in your phone
would always make sure you don't have
the unwanted germs on it
[Music]